Why I Choose Applied Mathematics Business Major at UPH as A Stepping Stone in My Career
 	
	Since five years old, I had interested in Mathematics. On that time, my mother had taught me the basics of counting, from one to ten.  After repeating for several times, I realized that I really enjoyed every time I counted the numbers. Then, I decided to develop this interest into habit. As my mother started to count tens and hundreds, I truly paid attention to her. After learning that day, she decided to test me. For the early questions, I could answer them correctly because I had repeated them before. Then, she gave me to count in hundreds. She was surprised when I was counting some hundred numbers without any mistakes although she hadn’t taught me before. She was amazed, but she thought that it was typical so she didn’t teach me seriously. But, I really wanted to learn more in Mathematics, so every time my mother came to teach me, I was so overjoyed that sometimes I persuaded my mother to teach me although she was busy. After persuading her for several times, she agreed and began to give me addition and substraction lesson. She explained from one to ten, but after that, I could do the hundreds easily within days. She noticed this as my potential and from her deepest heart, she decided to develop this skill.

	When I was in second grade of primary school, my mother made me joining one of the mathematics course near my house. I was made to be discipline and responsible in doing my works alone in the allotted time. Some of my friends who also joined this course couldn’t handle this stress and one by one left this course until I was the only person in my school to stand there. But, this didn’t make me lose hope. Instead, it gave me freedom to explore my abilities in Mathematics, such as counting faster and solve challenging or everyday problems. This kind of study made me feel the core and function of Mathematics and also the logic of Mathematics and its application into my life.  With those background stories, I think that I have to apply for Mathematics major in university after graduating from senior high school. 
	The first reason is it teaches me responsibility. Since graduated from that mathematics course, I feel that Mathematics has helped me to be a responsible person. Because I have to answer the questions in that course in particular time, I have to stop if I do it more than the alotted time. Sometimes, I stopped when I was doing it alone after my alarm, which I set to ring when the time is over, rings, although there was no-one with me at that time. The result was sometimes I left many questions blank and got bad score. But I didn’t regret to myself or feel burdened because of that because I knew that being a responsible person will be better than being an intelligent person with no or a little responsibility.
	Furthermore, it develops my logic to help me in the future.  First, I can analyze people from their development, behavior, and abilities. This helps me to deal with certain types of people to lead into my success.  This also gives me an opportunity to help people in improving themselves by giving them good advice and in the other hand avoids me from relating to bad people. Second, I am able to solve problems well. With logic, I can find every solution throughout my problems and I can sharpen this skill to compare every solution to choose the best solution in each problem. Sometimes, this leads to taking decisions for my future, and by solving problems effectively and quickly, I am able to decide which ones are better. 
	The most important thing, it is my biggest interest. I love it because I like the challenge in it. The challenges in Mathematics are used to enrich my knowledge to answer questions directly, with some ways that other people may not think about. Every time I am answered difficult questions, I am proud of myself. When I am finished with these questions, I look at my friends who are still frustrated with the way to solve the questions. In this moment, I feel that it is my responsibility(other than in exams) to help them. When I’m helping them, they will thank me for the assist. That is the time when I am relieved that I should help them more. That is the reason for making my future job as a teacher. 
	But, I realized that Mathematics isn’t enough, as well as being a teacher these days. I have to search for my another interest that needs Mathematics and I find that business is also important to me. Sometimes, I am curious why the shares are fluctuated these days and why there are so many bankcruptcies to many companies although they have prepared everything. I think that there are many things in business that I haven’t enough yet. This is vital for me as my parents are preparing to make a new business but we don’t want our business stay short and then liquidated. I have to prepare the best to make our business sustain. That is the reason I want to connect my Mathematics interest with my curiosity Business as Mathematics for Business.  
	But I know to make those dreams aren’t easy. Like Mario Teguh’s words, ”Everything will be real in 10 years. People who are success today, do righteous things from 10 years ago. People who are weak today, their behavior is incorrect from 10 years ago. So, what are you doing today?”, I need to take into account how to make my way into success. I realize that from the best study, I will be able to make my own way into successful life. So, that’s why I choose Applied Mathematics Business major at UPH as a stepping stone in my career. With its location that is near my house, its vast area to study everywhere, many friends to interact and help with, modern facilities, qualified teachers, and its famous name, I feel that I have chosen the best place to study.
By : Kevin Andrian Liwinata
		 

